{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f1\ftech\fcharset77 Symbol;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14660\viewh12780\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl440\sa373\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs38 \cf0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
If you have n connected clients, how many instances of thread are needed by the: \uc0\u8232 
\f1 \'a5 
\f0 Server? - n + 1\uc0\u8232 
\f1 \'a5 
\f0 Client? - 2 + 1 for every file transfer\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
What does the Java keyword 
\f2\i synchronized 
\f0\i0 do? \
A synchronized method access variables and makes computations in an atomic way. Without it, thread-A can make changes to a variable that thread-B is using. \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
What is a runnable in Java? \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \'93The Runnable interface should be implemented by any class whose instances are intended to be executed by a thread.\'94 A runnable must have the method \'93run\'94 with no arguments which is intended to run in a its own thread. \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl440\sa373\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	4.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Describe the four layers in the TCP/IP protocol stack. \
* L\'e4nklagret: skapar t.ex. f\'f6rbindelser mellan enheter. Representerar den fysiska niv\'e5n d\'e4r all verklig kommunikation sker.\
* N\'e4tverkslagret: Hanterar t.ex. v\'e4gval och fl\'f6desreglering. Ett protokoll f\'f6r att \'f6verf\'f6ra data mellan olika n\'e4tverk. Fungerar som \'f6vers\'e4ttare mellan l\'e4nklagret och IP-adress. \
* Transportlager: Tar t.ex. hand om ordningsf\'f6ljd och felkorrigering. H\'e4r finns TCP och UDP och massa annat. Ser till att datan kommer fram som den ska.\
* Till\'e4mpningslager: h\'f6gsta niv\'e5n, h\'e4r finns till\'e4mpningsprotokollet sj\'e4lvt, t.ex. http eller ftp. \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	5.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
What does the flags, ACK, SYN and SEQ mean and what protocol do they belong to? \
They are used to confirm that a connection has been made.\
ACK: belongs to TCP. Tells what package package number is expected after this one. \
SYN: belongs to TCP. If it is set to 1, it means that this packet is the first of several.\
SEQ: sequence number?\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	6.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
What is the difference between TCP and UDP? \
UDP does not care about corrupt file transfer. While TCP request the server to send a new packet if the package is corrupt or lost.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \uc0\u8232 \
}